PreLoad Meeting - 29 March 2017, 3.00pm
Lab F, Owheo Building

Members Present:
-Fergus Farrell
-Oliver Westenra
-Hugo Ayre

Agenda:
-Update from gantt chart - we should be started on our testing - we aren't
-Review report

Busness:
-Hugo and Fergus to combine UI and backend code
-Oliver to add desciption of functionality to report

Next Meeting:
-7th April, 11.00am

Meeting Adjourned:
-4.05pm

